It's not over.
The eyes of the first person you kill
will haunt you forever.
The eyes of the person
whose life slips away…
will follow you around
when you eat or sleep.
Even
in your dreams.
You know…
To tell the truth,
this isn't any ordinary coffee.
If you drink it,
all your bad memories will be erased.
Why are you laughing? I'm serious.
Whenever something bad happened,
I drank this and erased those memories.
What should I erase today?
What should I erase?
I just erased the memories
of me singing at Evergreen Records.
Hey. Stop laughing.
Come on. I said I just erased them.
But I didn't.
-Then drink it and erase them now.
-I don't want to.
But you should.
I don't want to.
Darn it.
After you left,
you didn't call once,
so I was upset and hated you for it.
I just erased it.
I held a gun to your head.
I erased the memory.
That memory…
I erased it as well.